test/README.md, before:

Test WADs for wadptr compression. Use the `run_tests.sh` script to
run tests. Included here are:

* The `6fiffy*` series, levels by George Fiffy (King REoL) who is
  notorious for his "extreme detail" levels that contain a large number
  of linedefs and sidedefs. `6fiffy6.wad` is a Hexen format level,
  which checks that we handle such WADs appropriately.
* Eternal Doom,  which is similarly notorious for having very large
  levels.
* `evimap32.wad` is MAP32 from [Eviternity](https://doomwiki.org/wiki/Eviternity),
  an exceedingly large level.
* `btsx2m20.wad` is MAP20 from [BTSX E2](https://doomwiki.org/wiki/Back_to_Saturn_X),
  which is a very large level close to the vanilla BLOCKMAP limit and
  that has been built with ZokumBSP to make it fit within the limit. So
  we check that we can at least process that BLOCKMAP without making it
  any larger. The WAD has a single redundant byte at the end so that
  wadptr will successfully reduce its size.

Graphics test WADs:

* `samecol.wad` has a single graphic containing two identical columns,
  to confirm those will be combined.
* `suffix.wad` has a single graphic containing two columns that are
  different, but one column is a suffix of the other.
* `btsxcred.wad` is the CREDIT screen graphic from btsx\_e1a.wad, which
  has its columns unnecessarily spread into two posts, and checks that
  the code to combine posts works as intended.

Commit message:

Add individual test for lump merging.

test/README.md, after:

Test WADs for wadptr compression. Use the `run_tests.sh` script to
run tests. Included here are:

* The `6fiffy*` series, levels by George Fiffy (King REoL) who is
  notorious for his "extreme detail" levels that contain a large number
  of linedefs and sidedefs. `6fiffy6.wad` is a Hexen format level,
  which checks that we handle such WADs appropriately.
* Eternal Doom,  which is similarly notorious for having very large
  levels.
* `evimap32.wad` is MAP32 from [Eviternity](https://doomwiki.org/wiki/Eviternity),
  an exceedingly large level.
* `btsx2m20.wad` is MAP20 from [BTSX E2](https://doomwiki.org/wiki/Back_to_Saturn_X),
  which is a very large level close to the vanilla BLOCKMAP limit and
  that has been built with ZokumBSP to make it fit within the limit. So
  we check that we can at least process that BLOCKMAP without making it
  any larger. The WAD has a single redundant byte at the end so that
  wadptr will successfully reduce its size.
* `samelump.wad` contains two lumps with identical column; this
  confirms that the WAD merging code works as intended.

Graphics test WADs:

* `samecol.wad` has a single graphic containing two identical columns,
  to confirm those will be combined.
* `suffix.wad` has a single graphic containing two columns that are
  different, but one column is a suffix of the other.
* `btsxcred.wad` is the CREDIT screen graphic from btsx\_e1a.wad, which
  has its columns unnecessarily spread into two posts, and checks that
  the code to combine posts works as intended.
